README.md, before:

# Distance & Angle — Multi-Replicate MD Geometry Analysis (Colab-Ready)

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/davari-group/MD-Distance-Angle-Analysis/blob/main/Distance%26Angle.ipynb)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9%2B-blue)
![MDAnalysis](https://img.shields.io/badge/MDAnalysis-2.x-brightgreen)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-lightgrey)

> **One-line:** Compute and visualize **aromatic ring–H distances/angles**  across **multiple MD replicates**. Export publication-ready plots and tidy CSVs.

---

## Overview

This notebook analyzes MD trajectories to characterize:
- **Aromatic ring–H geometry** for residues **4, 10, 19, 20** vs **residue 22 (N/H)**:
  - **Distance** (ring centroid → H/N) and **angle** (to ring normal)
  - Filters events (default): **distance ≤ 5 Å** and **angle ≤ 60° or ≥ 120°**


It supports **three replicates** out-of-the-box and produces:
- `scatter.png` (distance–angle overlay),  
- `histogram.png` (distance distribution, % per replicate),  
- `histogram_g.png` (Gly O–H contact % by residue),  
- `Run1/2/3.csv` and `Run_All1/2/3.csv` (per-run and combined tables).

---

You just need to upload the trajectories with respective gro file. You can use the E22G or WT version and comment the other when you are running the pipeline.

Commit message:

Update README with IDP analysis requirements
Added requirements for the IDP analysis pipeline and clarified usage instructions.

README.md, after:

# Distance & Angle — Multi-Replicate MD Geometry Analysis (Colab-Ready)

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/davari-group/MD-Distance-Angle-Analysis/blob/main/Distance%26Angle.ipynb)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9%2B-blue)
![MDAnalysis](https://img.shields.io/badge/MDAnalysis-2.x-brightgreen)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-lightgrey)

> **One-line:** Compute and visualize **aromatic ring–H distances/angles**  across **multiple MD replicates**. Export publication-ready plots and tidy CSVs.

---

## Overview

This notebook analyzes MD trajectories to characterize:
- **Aromatic ring–H geometry** for residues **4, 10, 19, 20** vs **residue 22 (N/H)**:
  - **Distance** (ring centroid → H/N) and **angle** (to ring normal)
  - Filters events (default): **distance ≤ 5 Å** and **angle ≤ 60° or ≥ 120°**


It supports **three replicates** out-of-the-box and produces:
- `scatter.png` (distance–angle overlay),  
- `histogram.png` (distance distribution, % per replicate),  
- `histogram_g.png` (Gly O–H contact % by residue),  
- `Run1/2/3.csv` and `Run_All1/2/3.csv` (per-run and combined tables).

---
# Requirements for the IDP analysis pipeline
# Install with: pip install -r requirements.txt

numpy
MDAnalysis
pandas
matplotlib
seaborn
scipy
scikit-learn
requests
nglview
ipywidgets

# Optional (not required for core scripts but useful for notebooks)
jupyterlab

The full requirements list used are provided along with this repository
---


You just need to upload the trajectories with respective gro file. You can use the E22G or WT version and comment the other when you are running the pipeline.
